ADS-W4-W5_Report.md, before:

# <center>Automatic Neighborhood Recommendation</center>

<cite>Carlos Daniel</cite> [@_cdCarlos_](https://twitter.com/_cdCarlos_)

<cite>26/Feb/2019</cite>

## Introduction

We are going to analyse a study case for real state companies. In this work are discussed some of the challenges companies in this sector may face and the repercussions at operational cost and customer satisfaction.

### Problem

A company dedicated to the rent and sale of real estate housing wants to reduce the operational cost in the process of recommending neighborhoods for their customers while improving their response time.

Employees have to look for neighborhoods at a given city that satisfy some given characteristics where customers are used to live (or willing to). This process can required many hours even for experienced employees who have to analyze and evaluate all of those characteristics provided by the customer, resulting in not just a costly operation for the company but also in a long wait time period for customers in order to get some recommendations.

As customer can provide as many desired characteristics for expected neighborhoods, in this case we are going to limit those characteristics to venues.

Commit message:

Mention of data science techniques

ADS-W4-W5_Report.md, after:

# <center>Automatic Neighborhood Recommendation</center>

<cite>Carlos Daniel</cite> [@_cdCarlos_](https://twitter.com/_cdCarlos_)

<cite>26/Feb/2019</cite>

## Introduction

I am going to analyze a study case for real state companies. In this work are discussed some of the challenges companies in this sector may face and the repercussions at operational cost and customer satisfaction.

Also, I show up how Data Science techniques such as data pre-processing and cleaning, visualization and clustering algorithms can help solving this kind of problems.

### Problem

A company dedicated to the rent and sale of real estate housing wants to reduce the operational cost in the process of recommending neighborhoods for their customers while improving their response time.

Employees have to look for neighborhoods at a given city that satisfy some given characteristics where customers are used to live (or willing to). This process can required many hours even for experienced employees who have to analyze and evaluate all of those characteristics provided by the customer, resulting in not just a costly operation for the company but also in a long wait time period for customers in order to get some recommendations.

As customer can provide as many desired characteristics for expected neighborhoods, in this case we are going to limit those characteristics to venues.
